Kurasuke is also for the good of the children
It would be chilling for you to tell him that.
He asked you to come and you came
Can I not come?
The child is hungry for a meal or two
He's so young.
How can he always starve?
After all, he is your biological daughter after all
Can you treat him with more snacks?
Forget about being busy with work
Get tangled up with other women
Other Women
Luo is always a woman, you know very well
Okay, enough.
I'm going to see Rain Mountain
From then on, the prince and princess were happy
Continue to live together
They will definitely have a better future
If my daughter were still alive
It should be as old as Shanshan
When will you be back?
Since you just told the story
I have no ill will towards the past
You don't have to spy on me like this